Fix bug on Migration Assistant page (#9752)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migration-assistant/is-migration-assistant-right-for-you.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### Supported source and target platforms

> The following list details the supported source and target platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following source and target platforms are supported:
```
